You try to shoot
War Marshal Order
It's rare that you also recognize this. This is the commander of war
Impossible how could you be the commander of war
Your fate card
Must be fake
Fake, then look at this Qingfeng force again
You are the Qingfeng God of War
You don't think this one is fake again, do you?
You feel guilty.
Yes, it must be fake.
Warlord again
God of War again
What is your Lin family?
Almost bankrupt
My son was caught overseas and couldn't be rescued
How can there be a war commander and a war god in your Lin family?
Arrest me
Waiting for the headquarters service of Wushang Daily
Squat down and put your head in your hands
It's really a dog's eye
Handsome adults do it
Then you don't want this head anymore, right?
You dare to shoot
Shoot and scream
But to be poisoned
Oh, soldier beats.
Throw the remaining prisoners in a dark prison
Ares